org/neil/neural/Connection.java
 org.neil.neural.Connection
org/neil/simulation/SimulationInput.java
 org.neil.simulation.SimulationInput
org/neil/neural/Network.java
 org.neil.neural.Network
org/neil/object/XDirection.java
 org.neil.object.XDirection
org/neil/neural/input/XDirectionInput.java
 org.neil.neural.input.XDirectionInput
 org.neil.neural.input.XDirectionInput$1
org/neil/neural/Node.java
 org.neil.neural.Node
org/neil/object/YDirection.java
 org.neil.object.YDirection
org/neil/Main.java
 org.neil.Main
org/neil/neural/NodeDefault.java
 org.neil.neural.NodeDefault
org/neil/display/MapGrid.java
 org.neil.display.MapGrid
org/neil/neural/input/Inputs.java
 org.neil.neural.input.Inputs
org/neil/object/Life.java
 org.neil.object.Life
org/neil/display/MainFrame.java
 org.neil.display.MainFrame
org/neil/object/Direction.java
 org.neil.object.Direction
 org.neil.object.Direction$1
org/neil/map/Coordinates.java
 org.neil.map.Coordinates
org/neil/neural/Input.java
 org.neil.neural.Input
org/neil/neural/input/YDirectionInput.java
 org.neil.neural.input.YDirectionInput
 org.neil.neural.input.YDirectionInput$1
org/neil/neural/input/XPositionInput.java
 org.neil.neural.input.XPositionInput
org/neil/neural/NodeDivisor.java
 org.neil.neural.NodeDivisor
org/neil/neural/NodeMultiplier.java
 org.neil.neural.NodeMultiplier
org/neil/simulation/Simulation.java
 org.neil.simulation.Simulation
org/neil/simulation/RunRecording.java
 org.neil.simulation.RunRecording
org/neil/neural/RandomNetworkBuilder.java
 org.neil.neural.RandomNetworkBuilder
 org.neil.neural.RandomNetworkBuilder$MutationType
org/neil/neural/output/LeftDirectionOutput.java
 org.neil.neural.output.LeftDirectionOutput
org/neil/neural/output/MoveOutput.java
 org.neil.neural.output.MoveOutput
org/neil/neural/NodeSink.java
 org.neil.neural.NodeSink
org/neil/neural/output/RightDirectionOutput.java
 org.neil.neural.output.RightDirectionOutput
org/neil/object/Creature.java
 org.neil.object.Creature
org/neil/simulation/SimulationOutput.java
 org.neil.simulation.SimulationOutput
org/neil/display/MapPanel.java
 org.neil.display.MapPanel
org/neil/neural/Output.java
 org.neil.neural.Output
org/neil/map/CoordinateMap.java
 org.neil.map.CoordinateMap
